The following is a character description I wrote for my Literary Techniques and Story Development class. I got a bit carried away with the experience part and then constructed a huge conversation between 4 characters.

Character Description

Name: Chad

Physical Description: Chad is 25 years old and looks like a stereotypical white American. He has short blond hair and blue eyes. He is also larger and more muscular than other men his age with very large and strong arms.

Personality Type: Chad is quite competitive and is proud of his achievements both in physical sports as well as games of skill like Chess and Shogi. He is very adventurous and takes risks that are not safe, but he always has the strength or intelligence to get out of any mess he finds himself in. He has many friends that he plays sports with and a Golden Retriever dog which he named Gold General after a Shogi piece.

Chad's Fear: Chad has a secret that he worries people will find out about. He conceals his fear through his confident facade of always being the winner. He can get anything he wants in life, but he fears losing his friends and family if they ever find out what his secret is.

Chad's Love: Chad loves animals, especially his dog, Gold General. He is Vegan and does not hurt animals because he sees them as having unconditional love. He believes that a dog really is man's best friend.

Chad's Dislike: Chad dislikes attending church with his parents because he finds it quite boring. He doesn't really want to sing in front of people or listen to the pastor preach about things he doesn't care about. Although Chad doesn't enjoy church, he goes every Sunday so that his parents won't think he's a lost heathen. He believes in God but thinks sitting around and listening or talking about things is a waste of time.

Chad's Experience: Chad played soccer one Tuesday afternoon with three of his friends. He was on Matthew's team, and they were playing against Luke and John. Chad and Matthew beat the other team 15 to 5, with Chad scoring 12 of the goals. After the game they all ordered Pizza from Sarpino's and then talked about their lives. They all had a debate over what the sermon was about on the previous Sunday.
	
The conversation went like this:

Matthew: Hey Chad, we sure had a good game. I know I wouldn't have won if I wasn't on your team.

Chad: Hey Matt, don't be so hard on yourself. If you would like, I could help train you to kick the ball where you're trying to.

Matthew: Thanks Chad! By the way, what did you think about the sermon on Sunday?

Chad: Can you remind me what it was? I wasn't paying any attention. I just go so my dad doesn't say I am not a Christian.

Luke: I remember it. Pastor Mark was reading from Romans chapter 1.

John: That's right, it was about idolatry. People created things that they worshipped instead of God, who created those things.

Matthew: I don't remember that part at all. I was talking about verses 24 to 27, where it says God gave people over to their sexual desires. What do you guys think that was about?

John: I guess it's about people who make their sexual desires an idol that is more important than God. It's all part of the same thing, really.

Luke: No, it's not that at all. Clearly, it was talking about homosexuals and how their desires are so sinful that even God has to give up on them and leave them to live out their sins.

Matthew: So does that mean that if someone's desires are sinful, God has abandoned them?

Luke: Who cares? It's not like any of us have anything to worry about. We are Christians, and we are straight, exactly like God intended us to be!

John: Especially you, Luke. I know you were looking at Stacy the whole time. Maybe she's your idol.

Luke: Hey I'm just appreciating God's divine art!

Chad: Watch out, Luke! Stacy is the pastor's daughter! Get too close, and you'll still face the wrath of God!

Luke: Better worry about your sins, Chad! You have the sin of greed because you take all the girls.

Chad: I can't help it. They all come to me. Maybe I can send some your way, and you can leave Stacy alone.

Luke: I see how it is! The real reason you come to church is also to have a chance with Stacy.

Chad: Yeah, you caught me! You'll have to beat me in sports first before you fight over girls with me.

Luke: Fair enough, Chad!

The four friends continued to talk about many different things as they ate pizza and laughed. Chad felt a little bit sick inside that he lied to his friend Luke. The truth is that he pretended to be interested in dating Stacy because he didn't like the way Luke was talking about Stacy. She was just an idol to Luke, and Chad agreed with John. He also noticed that Matthew had gone silent as the other three talked for the rest of the night. He decided to talk to Matthew about it more when the two of them were alone. Something was not right, but he didn't know why.
